# COGS18-Final-Project

For my project I will be creating a ChatBot based on a video game called Valorant. Valorant is a competitive 5v5 character-based tactical first-person shooter game created by video game developers at Riot Games. When playing the game each player is either put on an attacking or defending side. When attacking the goal is to plant a bomb called the Spike and when defending the goal is to make sure the enemy team is unable to plant and detonate the Spike.

Before the game begins every player needs to select a character called Agents. Each Agent is given a different set of abilities that they can use throughout the game. Every Agent is given a specific role which plays around the types of abilities they are given. The roles consists of Controllers; Agents who's abilities are able to slow down the enemy team, Duelists; Agents who's abilities are targeted towards self-sifficient fragging, Sentinels; Agents who's abilities are defensive based and Initiators; Agents who's abilities allow their team to contest enemies. The ChatBot I'll be creating allows users to know which role the Agent they input falls under as well as see a list of other Agents who fall under the same category.

Valorant has been out over a little over a year and has accumulated over 14 million players worldwide and within a span of every 3 months Valorant releases a new Agent for players to play. Valorant currently has 17 different Agents which can be a lot to remember, especially for new players. Thus, my ChatBot will help users identify what role a specific Agent falls under as well as see a list of other Agents that fall within the same role. 
